## a little story
ive always liked computers, except for that one time i went to a school which was supposed to be all about them and i **HATED** it so i went to a school which was not all about computers and i loved it. anyhow i first started serious coding with a simple and very ugly html website, then i stopped but in august 2023 i started making a minecraft plugin called metroverse. it had a good 3 month run of active development but while i was developing it i was also looking into react development, but i never got far into it because i didn't have any ideas. until december 2023, when i had the best idea of my career yet (11-09-24): nauplia, an app which connected to argo (every italian school's online grading system) and would have leaderboards on grades, absences, late entrances, and overall be a social media. sadly that idea was too good to be true, as the api was basically not there (not really, but it was just too difficult to maintain and too weird generally), so after about 2 months of generating non-existant hype, i decided to "temporairly" halt nauplia development to work on my other app, luverz. this was supposed to be a dating app for my school's students only, but after another 2 months of development i felt burnt out and stopped working on that too. on july 1st, i had the idea what would end up being the most finished project of my career yet, fantaszn. i started developing it on july 4th and it started as a way to track points for the fantasummer game, but ended up being the best way to play with multiple seasons so you're not forced to just play in summer. so here we are now (11-09-24) and fantaszn is pretty much finished. and the story is also finished too. thank you for reading.
